fix(react BubbleMenu): BubbleMenu now reacts to prop changes (#7028)
ueberdosis/tiptap: .changeset/fix-bubblemenu.md

---
"@tiptap/react": patch
---

> Fix BubbleMenu so it now reacts to prop changes after initial mount

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Resolved an issue where the React BubbleMenu did not update when FloatingUI option props changed after initial mount. The BubbleMenu now correctly responds to updated option props.
```
